fix: Avoid data-loss when creating new members (#3392)
zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode: packages/zowe-explorer/CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to the "vscode-extension-for-zowe" extension will be documented in this file.

## Bug Fixes

> - Prevented data-loss when creating a new member called something that already exists. [[#3327](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/3327)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed data loss when trying to create a data set member with the same name as an existing member. When creating a new member, the user is now prompted to replace it if the member already exists. [[#3327](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/3327)]
```
